---
layout: post
title: A new version of Yokadi, can you believe it?
author: Aurelien
---

Today we are happy to announce a new release of Yokadi, version 0.14. This version replaces 0.13.0 which was released... 3 years ago. Wow!

What have we been doing for all these years? We made many incremental changes, nothing ground-breaking, and so we have been happily running Yokadi directly from the Git master branch. It was thus high time to put a new version out.

What's in the box? Here is a list of changes I compiled from the git log (we really need to release more often, reading 3 years of git history is not fun):

- Command changes:
    - `t_add`, `n_add`:
        - Allow creating two tasks with the same title (useful for recurrent tasks, like "buy bread").
        - Allow using `_` to select last project, making it possible to do multiple `t_add` on the same project with `t_add _ <task description>`.
        - Add `--describe` option to start describing the task right after adding it.
    - `t_describe`, `n_describe`:
        - Safer task description editing: task is updated each time the editor saves, a lock manager now prevents multiple edits.
        - Use .md suffix instead of .txt for the temporary filename to allow some smart things with editors that understand Markdown.
        - Use project and task name for the temporary filename. Useful when using graphical editors or when your terminal title shows the current running command.
    - `t_due`:
        - When called with a time argument which is before current time, set due date to the day after.
    - `t_show`:
        - Show the task ID.
    - `t_list`:
        - Use month and year for the task age if the task is older than 12 months.
        - Add support for arbitrary minimum date for --done.
        - Fixed broken help.
    - `n_list`:
        - Display creation date instead of age.
        - Notes are now grouped by date.
    - `p_list`:
        - Show task count per project.
    - `p_remove`:
        - Show the number of associated tasks in the prompt.
    - `p_edit`:
        - Handle case where user tries to rename a project using the name of an existing project.

- `yokadid`:
    - Add `--restart` option and `--log` options.
    - Set process name with setproctitle.
    - Configuration keys can now be overridden using environment variables.

- Misc:
    - Date/time commands now support `%d/%m/%y` date format.
    - Replaced xyokadi with a desktop file.
    - Updated README to match real output.

- Developer specific changes:
    - Command parser has been ported from optparse to argparse.
    - Code is now PEP 8 compliant, with the exception of camelCase usage.
    - All imports have been changed to absolute imports (ie `import yokadi.<something>`).
    - Code has been reorganized into different sub directories.
    - The scripts in the `bin` directory are now smart enough to run the source tree version instead of the installed version if possible.
    - We now use [Travis](https://travis-ci.org/agateau/yokadi) for continuous integration.

That's it for this new version. Tarballs and zip archives are available from the [download page](/download.html). Hope you like it!