---
layout: post
title: Yokadi 1.2.0 has been released
author: Aurelien
---

I recently received a bug report for Yokadi, fixed it and realized two things. First, it has been almost 3 years since the last release... Second, I added a few features which were worth releasing. That means it was time for Yokadi v1.2.0!

What's new in this release?

- New features:
    - The new `p_merge` command lets you merge a project into another.
    - It is now possible to turn a task into a note with `t_to_note` and a note into a task with `n_to_task`.
- Bug fixes:
    - The `k_remove` command no longer ignores unused keywords.
    - HTML output has been fixed to no longer output strings wrapped in `b""`.
    - `t_list` filtering has been fixed so that `t_list --urgency 0` filters out tasks with a negative urgency, as expected.
- Improvements:
    - HTML output has been refreshed:
        - It looks more modern now.
        - Some fields have been removed (doneDate, creationDate).
        - The title, keywords and description fields have been merged.
        - An ID field has been added (handy to run a command on a task listed in the output).
        - Columns now use human-friendly titles.
- Misc:
    - The `--db` option is now deprecated and replaced by the `--datadir` option. `--db` will be removed in the next version.
    - Similarly, the `YOKADI_DB` environment variable is now deprecated and will be removed in the next version.
    - Yokadi no longer supports cryptography: encrypted databases will be decrypted at update.

This last point is worth a more detailed explanation. Yokadi used to let you encrypt task titles and descriptions, but this part of the code was unmaintained and based on PyCrypto, which suffers from unsolved security problems.

Since I do not use this feature and I am not a cryptography expert, I decided to remove it. I think it's better to have no cryptographic support than a broken one: it does not give users a false sense of security.

When you run Yokadi 1.2.0 with an existing database, it will ask you to update your database from version 10 to version 12. Update from 10 to 11 adds a new database index, but update from 11 to 12 will ask for your passphrase and decrypt your tasks (if you have encrypted tasks, otherwise it will be a no-op)

That's all for this release. You can install it with `pip3 install -U yokadi` or download an archive from the [download page](/download.html). I hope you like it and are not mad at me because of the feature removal.
